Email communication (#26113)
demisto/content: Packs/EmailCommunication/ReleaseNotes/2_0_9.md

#### Scripts

##### SummarizeEmailThreads

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.
```

##### DisplayEmailHtmlThread

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.
```

Author: @ShirleyDenkberg same here for the auto-generated format.

##### SendEmailReply

> - Added the argument *subject_include_incident_id* to decide if to include the Incident id within the email subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the argument *subject_include_incident_id* that is used to decide whether to include the Incident in within the email subject.
```

> - Added the argument *subject_include_incident_id* that is used to decide whether to include the Incident in within the email subject.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the argument *subject_include_incident_id* that is used to decide whether to include the Incident id within the email subject.
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.

##### PreprocessEmail

> - Added the argument *CreateIncidentUntaggedEmail* to control whether to allow the creation for email that we can't find existing incident for it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the argument *CreateIncidentUntaggedEmail* to control whether to allow the creation of an email for which we can't find an existing incident.
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.
##### DisplayEmailHtml

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.58677*.
```

Author: @ShirleyDenkberg this is the approved auto format for release notes with a `-` at the begining.
https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/blob/47bac94b49646cd165adea7235461dd459b255b7/demisto_sdk/commands/update_release_notes/update_rn.py#L769
